this episode of I'm the trend TV is
brought to you by thread burg printing
high quality screen printing at
affordable prices and threads not dead
the essential ebook for dominating a
t-shirt industry visit tinyurl.com / t
naught d and use coupon code I ATT
twenty four twenty percent off your
purchase what's up guys Adam from I'm
the trend comment i am the trend TV with
a t-shirt review for you to nice
clothing company is that of science
friction california-based brand that's
been out for about a year ran by 40 no
cortez and he has sent in this package
as i mentioned its science friction
their website is science fiction
bigcartel com so let's see how it stacks
up against the four piece of t's first p
packaging of course as always hi mailer
with the science friction logo just
printed on a label and slapped on the
front much better than handwritten
handwritten label so but inside we have
sort of gift like package which it looks
very fun and awesome paper feels like a
very heavy matt wrapping paper and then
obviously tied off with a little little
twine there a little sigh so perhaps
very cool looking package so not what I
expected when I got the mailer the poly
mailer that is so to see this inside is
really cool before we braid the
packaging see what else might be in
store windows or something there's
something else inside did send us cool
die-cut of one of their designs love
stickers always a great addition to
throw in your package people throw them
everywhere very high usually decently
cheap edition and it's always just
something extra something that people
are going to dig some of the people are
going to put on notebooks folders what
have you and where your brand around you
more than just a t-shirt so overall
packaging a very cool even though the
poly mailer isn't you know custom
branded per se the package inside is
really what counts and it looked it
looks great it was something that was
unexpected I liking the idea of opening
up kind of like a gift so very cool
stuff so we do have three t-shirts from
science friction so go through those
real quick and we'll get to the printing
t shirt number one I believe this is
their newest design very cool design
everything's printed on american apparel
I believe this is either a 50-50 or a
tribal and it is a tri blend and they
also have their own woven tag on top of
the American Apparel tag so some things
that people don't know where the
printing t-shirts is there's two things
that you have to have on your t-shirt
you have the country of origin where the
teachers actually came from and the
material shirts made out of so if you're
going to get screenprinted tags on the
inside make sure that you have your
artist or yourself put that information
on there or if you have a woven tag that
doesn't have it on their like there's
you're going to have to leave in the
American Apparel tag just a little bit
of info for you and here's their tank
very cool and last but not least the
good kind of dream catcher so i got this
native american science fiction theme
going on which I which are really dig
printing is really soft it's very nicely
done colors look good lines look clean
this one's fantastic I don't know if
this was printed all using discharge you
can see a little bit of the Heather in
behind the white it looks fantastic very
nice job on this not sure who printed
these tees but they did a really good
job very soft I mentioned after one wash
these will break up and just be
completely soft hand so eight on the
printing themselves price twenty dollars
a piece for American Apparel can't beat
it fantastic looking design
couple of the great packaging great
printing a is more than perfect I'm
sorry 20 Dodgers is more than perfect
four and a and lastly overall
presentation fantastic job I think all
of the designs tie into each other look
like they're from the same brand it was
cool 14 or to send us a little bit uh
you know three different pieces we got
the light the dark in the tank kind of
shows off you know different sides of
the brand itself so overall really
impressed with these guys I wasn't
personally got when these guys launched
last year it's a science friction not
fiction but science friction bigcartel
com you guys should definitely check
them out very nicely done heys across
the board hats off these guys this is by
far my favorite great-looking design I
will definitely be rocking this and
probably a future episode of i'ma try
and TV so nicely done make sure to check
them out science friction i am adam from
i'm the trend calm and i have the trend
TV you can follow me on twitter com /i
on the train in facebook.com slash i'm
the trend until next time stay shorty